add(cassandra): AE updates for CCR docs (#54)
aiven/aiven-docs: docs/products/cassandra/howto/manage-cross-cluster-replication.md

---
title: Manage cross-cluster replication in Aiven for Apache Cassandra®

> pro: true

Reviewer: Already raised it on slack, but just for being extra sure! Pro Platform is now Aiven Entreprise

1. Select **Save changes**.

> You\'ve added extra disk storage space for your CCR-enabled service and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You've added extra disk storage space for your CCR-enabled service and
```

component before running a particular query.

:::note[Example:]

In Python, you can specify `consistency_level` as a parameter for the
`SimpleStatement` object.

```bash
session.execute(SimpleStatement("LIST ROLES", consistency_level=ConsistencyLevel.ALL))
```

:::

> You\'ve set up the consistency level for your service. Now operations on

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You've set up the consistency level for your service. Now operations on
```
